[TOC]

##### 【001】痘痘护理

- Why did you have a Band-Aid on your face?
-  It's not a Band-Aid，it's a acne【ˈækni】 patch。 I have a big  pimple here, and I'm hoping the patch will make it go away faster. 
- Oh，I haven't had acne problems since high school.  In high school, I had really bad acne。
- What did you do about it？
- I bought over-the-counter[非处方药] medicine at the pharmacy。When that didn't work, I saw a dermatologist regularly and took prescription drugs[处方药].
- Did it help？
- It helped some，but my acne only completely cleared after high school。Then I had to get laser treatment to get rid of the acne scars。
- Thanks for your sharing，I won't complain about a single pimple then！



##### 【002】YouTube

- What do you like to do in your free time？
- I love watching youtube videos。
- Me too，what do you watch？
- Comedies，mostly。My favourite youtuber is xxx。
-  Hahaha，he is funny。
- What do you like to watche？
- I like to watch  beauty tutorials so I can improve my make-up skills. I also like to watche gaming channels of top gamers.
- Nice. If you find some interesting new channels, let me know.
- OK!



##### 【003】安排会议 

-   Hi liv,this is kokkiando. Could you check Grace's calendar and see if she's available for a one-hour meeting next Tuesday an 11 a.m.?
- Let me check. Grace will be **out of the office** on Tuesday.How about Wednesday at 9 a.m.?
- I'll be on a business trip from Wednesday to Friday next week. Let me see…… How about next Monday at 4 p.m.?
- Grace is available on Monday at 4 p.m.
- OK. Let's do Monday at 4 p.m. then.I will send a **meeting invite** to you and Grace via Outlook Calendar soon.
- OK,bye.



##### 【004】报名健身

- I'd like to sign up for a **gym menber ship.** What kinds of plans do you have?

- We have  one-,two- and three-year plans. Would you prefer going to a **single location** or **multiple lications**[一馆还是多馆]?
- I'm only living in LA for one year, so a one-year plan is fine. This location is near my apartments, so single location is good for me.
- OK!
- What is the **monthly fee?** And there is an initiation fee?
-  The initiation fee is 99\$. The monthly fee for one location is \$29.
- That sounds fine. I will sign up for one year.
-  Great! Pleasr fill out these forms.



##### 【005】暴风雨

- Wow，you're completely **soaked**!
- It's terrible out there. I had an umbrella, but it was useless against the heavy rain.
- I can see that. Do you have a **change of choches**?
- No, I don't.
- I have some extra chothes in my office. I started keeping shirts and pants in the office after I got soaked in a **rainstorm** last summer.
- What a great idea!
- We are about the same size. Let me get you a shirt and pants to change into.
- You are a **lifesaver**.Thanks!
- No worries, I'm happy to help. Make sure to check the **weather forecast** next time. 
- I will, and I will definitely keep extra clothes in the office.



##### 【006】送餐外卖app

- It's raining heavily outside. Let us **order in**[定外卖]
- That's a good idea.
- But we'll have to wait about 25 minutes to get our food. 
- That is ok, I can wait.
- What do you feel like eating?
- How about japanese food?
- Sure. There is a japanese restaurant on my **food delivery app.**[外卖app] It will take about 30 minutes to get here.
- That is fine. I'd rather wait than venture out in the rain.
- Agree. Do you order via food delivery apps often.
-  I do. I don't cook so when the weather is **lousy[ˈlaʊzi]** like today, I usualy just order in.
- I can understand. Food delivery apps are so convenient on days like this.
- Very!



##### 【007】超市结账

-  Hi, how are you?
- I'm good, thank you. How's your day going?
- It's ok, 2 more hours until I got off my **shift**.[再过两小时下班] How would like you to pay today？Cash or card？
- Credit card. Thanks.
- Would you like any bags?
- No thank you. I brought my own cloth bay[布袋]
- Can you sign your name on the pad？
- Sure.
- Here is your  receipt. Have a nice day.
- Thank you. Have a nice day too.



##### 【008】超市询问方向

- Excuse me. Can you tell me where I can find bread?
- The bakery is at the front of the store. Keep walking to the front untill you see the **cashiers**[收银员], then turn right. You will see the bakery in front of you.
- OK. Can you tell me where I can find the peanut butter?
- It's at the far end of the **aisle**[走廊] 9.
- Got it. Thanks!
- No problem.



##### 【009】宠物

- Do you have any pets?
- No, I don't. What about you?
- I have a dog. I **rescued** him from the dog **shelter** three years ago. He is five years ole.
- What breed is he.
- He is a Golen Retriever.
- That's nice. I would like a dog but mu **landlord**[房东] does not allow pets. It's written in my apartment **lease**[合约]
- I'm sorry to hear that.
- That's OK.



##### 【010】错过班机

- It's great to see you A.

- Happy to see you B.

- How was your flight?

- The process was a nightmare. I'm just happy to be here now.

- What happend?

- I flew from Beijing to Tokyo, and then Tokyo to New York. Due to the bad weather in Beijing, the plane was **grounded** for an hour. I missed my **connection ** in Tokyo because of the delay. 

  Sky Air noly has one flighe a day to New York, so I spent an hour at Sky Air's ticketing counter as they tried to put me on another airline's flight.

- Sorry to hear that.

- Finally, they put me on a Star Airlines flight for New York, but I had to wait for six hours in the airport.

- You must be **jet-lagged**[时差]. Let's go to the coffe shop next door and get you a cup of coffee. 

- Sounds good. I sure need it.



##### 【011】打包剩余食物

- Can I get this to go?[您能帮我打包么？]
- Sure.
- Please put the steak[**steɪk**] and salad in **separate boxes**. Could you give me a bag to put the boxes in?
- We provide a paper bag for free.
- A paper bag would be great.
- OK. I'll get this packed right away.
- Thank you.



##### 【012】打电话订餐厅

- I'd like to **book** a table for this Sunday,June 10, at 7 pm.
- For how many peaple?
- Table for four.
- OK. What is your name?
- I'm kokkiando.
- Could you give me your mobile phone number?
- It's 0988-xxx-110.
- OK. Reservation made for four people for Sunday, June 10, at 7 pm. We will **hold** the reservation for 10 minutes.
- OK. Thank you, bye.



##### 【013】打电话请病假

- Hi A, I need to ask for **sick leave** today. I caught a **nasty**[adj. 极差的；恶心的；恶意的] **cold** and woke up with a terrible headache this morning.
- I understand. Take care of yourself. Go see a doctor and pick up some medicine.
- I will. I will try to come in the office this afternoon if I feel better. 
- Take a sick day. Get well first before coming to the office, or you will get us all sick.
- OK, thanks. There is something I need help with[我有事情需要帮忙]. I need to do a sales pitch[宣传报] at Smith Technology at 4 p.m. this afternoon.
- Don't worry. I'll have Charlie **go in your place**[代替你去]. Rest and get well soon.
- OK. Thank you, bye.



##### 【014】大学主修

- Hi Sam, are you **enoying** university?
- Yes, sophomore year is better than freshman year.[大二比大一好多了] I made a new group of friends and joined several clubs,
- That's great to hear. What's is your major?
- My major is Business Administration, with a **minor** in French.
- That must keep your busy.
- Yes, the **workload** is heavy, but I enjoy what I'm studying.
- That's good. Do you plan to graduate in four years?
- I plan to graduate in five years because I hope to do a one-year **exchange program** in France.
- That sounds exciting. All the best.
- Thanks.



##### 【015】到警局备案
- Hello. How can I help you?
- My **backpack** was **stolen** on the bus just now. My friend and I were **riding** bus number 13. We got on the bus at Noeth Railway Station. I put my backpack on the empty seat next to me. When I looked up a few minutes later, the backpack was gone.
- What did you have in the backpack?
- My wallet[ˈwɑːlɪt], passport[ˈpæspɔːrt], camera and a light jecket.
- Please fill out these forms. 
- Ok. Thank you.



##### 【016】登机报道
- I would like to **check-in** please.
- Could you give me your passport?
- Sure. Here it is.
- Where are you flying to today?
- Tokyo.
- How many pieces of **baggage**  would you like to check-in?
- Two pieces.
- Please put the baggage on the **scale**.
- Here is your **boarding pass.[登机牌]**
- Thank you.
- The boarding time is 9:30 pm, Gate 31. Please make sure your baggage passes the **security check** down there before you leave.
- Ok, Thank you.
- Have a nice flight.



##### 【017】登山踏青
- Hey carol, what are you doing this weekend?
- I'm going hiking with my husband and our hiking club.
- You have a hiking club?
- Yes, we do. We have 30 to 40 people of all ages and **skill levels**.
- That's great. Do you guys do **day hikes** or **multi-day hikes**?[当日来回还是多天]
- Mostly day hikes, but we do five or six multi-day hikes a year.
- Do you hike around the island or do you go overseas too?
- So far, out hikes are around the island. Next year we'll do our first overseas hiking trip by doing a one-week hiking trip to Nepal.
- That sounds fun. I would love to join your hiking club.
- Sure join us. I'll send you our Facebook page and you'll see all our upcoming activities there.
- OK, Thanks.



##### 【018】地震

- Did you feel the earthquake last night?
- Yes, it was a big one. I was sitting on the **couch** watching TV and the couch started to shake. What were you doing?
- I was taking a shower. I wrapped my self in a towel and ran out of the bathroom.
- That must **have been scary.**
- For sure. I checked the news. The goverment said the earthquake was 4.9 on the **Richter scale**, and its **epicenter**[震中❤] was off the coast of Tokyo.
- That's a big one. I;m glad nobody got hurt and no buildings **collapsed**.
- Me too.
- Oh my! Do you feel that?
- This must be an aftershock. Stay calm and let's get outside.
- Let's go.



##### 【019】点冰淇淋
- Hi! How can I help you?
- I'd like two **scoops**[两勺] of ice cream.
- **Cone or cup？**
- What kind of cones do you have? 
- We have **wafer**[威化] and **waffle**[脆皮] cone.
- I'll have a waffle cone.
- What ice cream **flavours** would you like?
- Mint chocklate and strawberry. Do you have **sorbets**[雪酪]
- Yes, we do.
- I'll change my ordor then[我得改订单] I'd like lemon sorbet and mint chocolate.
- OK. Give me a minute.



##### 【020】点咖啡

- Hi. How can I help you?
- I'd like a **latte[ˈlɑːteɪ]**. 
- What size? We have three sizes: **Short, Tall and Grande[小杯、中杯、大杯]**.
- Grande please.
- Would you like anything else?
- I'd like a chocolate muffin.
- OK. The total is $5.95
- Here you go.
- Please wait over there. Your ordor will be ready shortly.



##### 【021】点饮料

- Would you like a drink?
- Sure, I'd like a diet Coke.
- I'm sorry sir. We **ran out of** diet Cokes. Would a regular Coke be OK? 
- I guess so.
- What would you like sir(B)?
- Do you have any smoothies[砂冰] today?
- Yes, we do. We have mango **passion fruit[百香果]** and steawberry smoothies.
- I'd like a mango smoothie.
- Sure thing, Would you like any appetizers[开胃菜] to start? 
- It's OK. We are waiting our friends. We will order more when they arrive.
- OK. I will be right back with your drinks.



##### 【022】电话留言

- Hi! I'd like to talk to Mr. Chang.
- He is  currently out of the office.
- When will he be back?
- In two days, on Friday.
- I see.
- Can I take a massage[我需要替您留言吗]？
- Yes. Please let him know Jack called. I would like to talk to him about the wind power project. Please ask him to **call me back.**
- No problem. What's your phone number?
- My mobile number is xxxx-xxx-xxx.
- Got it. I'll ask him to call you back. Have a nice day.
- Thanks, you too.



##### 【023】饭店接驳服务

- Hello, front desk, how can I help you?
- Dose your hotel provide free shuttle service from the airport?
- Yes, wo do. 
- Do they run on a **regular schedule**, or do I have to **book in advance?** 
- They are on a schedule. The shuttles run every thirty minutes from 8 am to midnight. 
- That is great. Where is the shuttle **pickup location?**[接送地点]
- It's at C3 on level one of the Terminal One.
- OK, thank you.
- You are welcome. Have a nice day.



##### 【024】服兵役

- Hey Noah, what do you plan to do after you graduate from university?
- I'm going to the army.
- Army?
- Yes, we have **mondatory basic training** for four months. It used to be 11 months, but it's been **shortened** for those born after 1993.
- I bet those four months will fly by quickly.
- I sure hope so. Once it's ove I'll need to look for a job.
- I understand. I'll need to look for a job once I finish my six-month exchange problem this summer.
- All the bese in your job search!
- You too.



##### 【025】服饰店

- Excuse me. Do you have this sweater in M?
- Give me a minute. I'll check our computer to see if we still have one **in stock.**[库存] That sweater comes in black and red. We only have the red one in M.
- I prefer black.
- Let me check if our **other locations** have the black one in M. Our Smith Street store has the black one in M. Would you like me to have them send it here? It would take 3 days to get here.
- That would be great.
- Please fill out this form, and you can come pick it up after Friday.
- OK. Thank you. Bye.



##### 【026】服务台

- I need to by a SIM card. Is there a **telecom store** in this mall?
- Yes, there is, but it's in Building B. We are in building A.
- How do I get to Building B?
- You need to take the **skybridge** on the third floor to get to Building B. 
- How do I get to the skybridge? 
- Walk straight ahead, and you will see a set of escalators. Take the escalator to the second floor, then take another escalator to the third floor. The skybridge is right beside the third escalators. Walk across the skybridge and you will see a big supermarket. The telecom store is two doors down from the supermarket.
- Got it. Thanks for your help.
- You're welcome. Have a nice day.



##### 【027】服装规定

- What are you wearing to the company year-end party?
- Is there a **dress code?**[服装规定]
- Yes. HR sent out an email this morning. The dress code is **semi-formal.**[半正式]
- Should I wear a **tuxedo[tʌkˈsiːdoʊ]晚礼服**?
- No, that would be **overdressing**. A dark suit and a nice tie are enough.
- What are you wearing? 
- Most of my clothes are **business casual.**[商务便装] I'm planning to rent a **cocktail dress**.
- Why don't you just buy one?[干脆买一件]
- I only plan to wear it once[只打算穿一次].
- I see. Have a nice weekend.
- You too. Bye.



##### 【028】感冒和流感

- Tim, you don't look well today. Are you OK?

- I think I caught a cold. I have a bad **cogh and I ache** all over[全身].

- Maybe it's not a **cold**[感冒], maybe it's the **flu**[流感]. A symptom of the flu is **body aches.**[全身疼痛]

  Mike, Pam and Chris all **came down with**[得了] the flu last week and are on **sick leave.**[病假]

- Hmm, maybe you're right. I think I'm also running a **fever**.
- Take a sick day. Go see a doctor and  get some medicine.
- OK. I will do that.
- Rest well. Hope you well soon.
- Bye.



##### 【029】购买地铁票

- I'd like to buy 2 tickets to Main Street Station. 
- Main Street Station is in **Zone** 2. The cost for two tickets is 5 dollars.
- OK. Do you sell **all-day passes**[一日票]?
- Yes. The cost of our all-day pass is 5dollars.
- I'd like 2 all-day passes. Here is 10 dollars.
- Thank you. Have a nice day.
- Thanks. You too.



##### 【030】购买鞋子

- Do you have these hiking boots in size 8.5?
-  The boots don't come in **half-size.** So the next size after 8 is 9.
- I see. I'd like to try both size 8 and 9 then.
- OK. I'll be right back.
- How do they fell？
- Size 8 is too **tight** at the front. The shoes **pinch ** my feet.
- OK. Let's try size 9. How do they feel?
- They are more comfortable. But I'm not sure if they are too **loose**.
- Let me see. I can fit one finger between the **heel[后跟]** of your foot and the shoe. This is the right size.
- OK. I will take size 9 then.
- I'll ring it up at cash register.[我拿到收银机那里结账]
- Thanks.



##### 【031】归还租车

- I'd like to return this car.

- OK. I'll do a quick **inspection** of the car.

  There is asmall **dent** on the passenger side door.

  I don't see this dent listed in the rental agreement.

- I'm sorry. I have no idea how the dent got there. Is this **covered** [涵盖]by the insurance I bought?

- Let me check. Yes, you have a **collision damage waiver.** That should cover the cost of fixing the dent. 

  Please sign on the dotted line to confirm you returned the car.

- OK!

- Thank you and have a nice day.




##### 【032】行李遗失

- I waited at the **baggage carousel[ˌkærəˈsel]转盘** for over an hour.  But my luggage did not arrive with the other passengers' luggage.
- I'm sorry about that. What flight did you take.
- Flight 703, coming from Paris. 
- What dose your luggage look like?
- It is a large, silver **hard-shell suitcase.** It has my initials S.K. engraved on the side.
- OK. Please fill out this **luggage claim form.**[行李提取表] Make sure to leave a number we can reach you at, and we will contact you as soon as wee find it. Sorry for the inconvenience.
- Thank you.




##### 【033】和办公室柜台谈话

- Hi！I have an **appointment** with Sarah Lin at 2 o'clock.
- OK. What is your name?
- Tony Smith, of Sun Solar Company.
- Sarah is still in a meeting. She'll be here in 10 minutes.
- OK.
- Please have a seat on the sofa over there.
- Thank you. Is there a **restroom** on this floor?
- Yes. Walk past the **elevators**, then take a left. You'll see it.
- Thank you.




##### 【034】机场退税

- Please give me your passport and **tax-free forms.** 
- Here you go.[在这里] Oh, here are two forms. (Agent adds up total cost.)
- The total tax refund is 200 Euros. Would you like your refund in Euros or another currency?
- US dollars, please.
- Would you like it in cash or on your credit card?
- Please put it on mu credit card, thanks.
- Done. Have a nice trip. 
- Thanks.




##### 【035】急诊室

- What brings you to the Emergency Room today?

- My wife has severe **diarrhea[ˌdaɪəˈriə]**腹泻 and has **vomited**[ˈvɑːmɪt]呕吐 three times in the past few hours.

- Do you have other symptoms?

- I fell weak, **nauseous[ [ˈnɔːʃəs]]** and have a bad headache.

- Have you been to this hospital's ER[急诊] before?

- No.  

- OK. Let me take your **vital signs.**[量一下你生命体征]

  Please wait in the waiting area to the right.

  A doctor will be with you in a few minutes.




##### 【036】节食减重

- You look good sam. Yo've **trimmed down**[瘦身] since the last time I saw you.

- Oh. Thanks. My wedding is just a month away.[再一个月就举行婚礼了]

  So I've benn working hard to lose weight so I can look good in my suit.[这样穿西装才够体面]

- Good for you. I'd like to lose some weight, too. What have you been doing.

- I've been exercising five times a week. I eun for 30 minutes each time.

- Good job. Have you change your diet?

- Yes. I cut down on **carbs**(carbohydrates), **sugary drinks** and **fried food**.

  I also stopped  eating **late-night snakes.**[宵夜]

- That's are good tips. I might try that, too.

- Great!




##### 【037】紧急报案专线

- 911\.What is your emergency
- A car hit a motorcycle, and the motorcycle driver is **badly hurt.** He is lying in the middle of the street and cannot move.
- What is your location?
- I'm at the intersection of Smith Street and Oak Street.
- What is your phone number?
- 555-6567
- Is anyone else hurt?
- No, no one else is hurt.
- An **ambulance** and police car are on the way.
- Thank you.
- Please **stay on the scene[待在原地]**, and **wait for help** to arrive. The ambulance should arrive in 5 minutes.
- OK. Thank you.




##### 【038】看榜球赛

- You look tried today.
- I am. I was **up half the noght** watching the World Series.
- So you're baseball fan?
- Yep. I've been a fan of the Jays since I was a young boy. This year, thsy had an incredible **season**[赛季] and made it to the World Series.
- Did they win the game last night? 
- They did. It was a gteat game. The Jays have a new pitcher and he's fantastic. What about you? Do you like to watch baseball?
- I think baseball game take too long. I don't have the patience for it. I like the fast **pace** of the basketball. I like to watche NBA games.
- Got it. Next spring, we can watch the NBA Finals together on TV.
- Sure thing. I look forward to it.



##### 【039】看电影

- Deb, that are you doing tomorrow night?

- I dont't have plans yet.

- Would you like to see a movie?

- What is playing now?

- Let me check. Hummm…… There's a new action film **with** The Rock.

  There is a new animation film from Disney.

  There are a few **horror** moview.

  And there's a romantic comedy **with** Will Smith.

- I don't like horror movie or action films. How about the romantic comedy?

- Sure. Let me check the movie times. There're **screenings** at 7:20 and 9 o'clock tomorrow night. 

- How about 7:20? I'll meet you at the theater.

- OK. Sounds good. See you tomorrow.




##### 【040】空气污染

- Peter, are you OK?
- Not really. The **air quality** is really bad today.  I can't stop **coughing**
- News report said today's AQI(Air Quality Index) is 300. The PM2.5 levels are particularly bad.
- No wonder[难怪] I feel so bad. I turned on the air **purifier** in my office.  I hope that helps.
- It's lunchtime. Let me go out to buy lunch for us.
- That would be great, thanks. Make sure to wear a mask.
- Do you have an extra mask? 
- Yes, I always keep masks in my office. Let me get one for you.
- Thanks.



##### 【041】镭射近视手术

- My eyes are so **sore**. I've been waring **contacts** [隐形眼镜] for over 12 hours. 

- I understand. I used to do that, too. I was **nearsighted[紧实]** for many years, but now have 20/20 vision.

- Did you get laser eye surgery?

- Yes. I did. I was tired of waring contacts or glasses every day. So five years ago, I got laser eye surgery.

- Are you happy with your decision?

- Yes, I'm **thrilled[太高兴了]** that I don't need to wear contacts or glasses anymore.

- I wonder if I should get surgery, too……

- You could try the clinic I went to and get a **checkup** first to determine whether your eyes are suitable to get operated on.

  Some conditions, like dry eye syndrome, are not suitable for surgery.

- OK. I'll think about it.

- Sure. Have a good night.



##### 【042】流行音乐演唱会

- You look excited.

- I am. I just bought tickets for Maroon 5's **concert** in Tokyo in December. 

- I heard about their **concert tour[巡回演唱会].** Aren't they coming to Osaka, too? Why didn't you buy their Osaka concert tickets?

- The Osaka concert tickets were **sold out** two hours after the tickets were released online. 

  So I decided to try the Tokyo concerts instead.

- I see. How much were the tickets?

- $200 USD for **floor seat** tickets.[摇滚区]

- That's a **decent[合理的]** price. 

  I paid $300 USD for Justin Bieber's concert last year.

  Would you stay a few more days in Tokyo?[你会在东京多待几天吗？]

- I might. Maybe I'll take two days off work and spend more time in Tokyo.

- You should. Tokyo is a fun city.



##### 【043】买耳环

- This pair is really pretty. What is the material? 
- It is **sterling[[ˈstɜːrlɪŋ]] sliver.[纯银]**
- Will the silver **oxidize [ˈɑːksɪdaɪz]** over time? 

- Silver dose oxidize over time. You need to regularly clean it with a special cloth. 
- How much is it?
- $900 yuan dollars.
- Hmmm…… What about this pair?
- That pair is made of **surgical steel[医疗钢]**.
- Is it **nickel free[无镍]**? 
- Yes, all of our earrings are nickle-free.
- If I buy more than one pair, will you offer me a discount?
- If you buy three or more pairs, I will give you 20 percent off.
- OK. Then I will chosse one more pair.[那我再选一副]



##### 【044】买火车票

- I'd like to buy two tickets to Tokyo, please.
- Would you like **standard ** or **business** class seats?
- How much does it cost per seat? 
- 90$ for standard and 120\$ for business class.
- Standard please. What time does the next train leave? 
- 12:45 p.m. However, there are no more standard seats available on that train. The next train after that leaves at 2:00 p.m.
- How long is the train ride?
- Three hours and 45 minutes.
- OK. Two seats for 2:00 p.m.
- Including the five percent tax, your total **comes to** 189$.  
- Here is my credit card.



##### 【045】买纪念品

- It's our last day in Paris. We need to pick up some **souvenirs**.
- Yes. We can't go home empty-handed.
- I'm going to buy some postcards for my colleagues at the office.
- Ok. What about **key chains** and **magnets** ?
- I think they are **poorly** made. And they aren't even made in France.
- Good point. What about getting some French **desserts[dɪˈzɜːrt]**? 
- I would love to biring some macarons[马卡龙] home, but they would dry out quickly. 
- We could get a few boxes of those cookies. The expriation date is two weeks from now.
- OK. Let's get four boxes.
- What else? We could buy some dried lavender sachets. The lavender is grown in Southern France and there is a buy 10, get two free promotion now[买十送二].
- OK. Let's get 20 sachets. Can we go now?
- Give me 10 more minutes in the store.
- OK.



##### 【046】买手机SIM卡

-  What type pf SIM cards do you sell?
- I have both **voice and data** SIM cards and **data-only** SIM cards. Do you need to make **voice calls**?
- No, I just need **internet access.** What kind of data-only cards do you have? 
- 2G, 4G and **unlinited data** for 14 days. 
- How much are the 2G and 4G cards?
- The 2G card is $10 and the 4G card is \$20. 
- I will take one 4G card, thanks.
- Here you go.



##### 【047】买新手机

- My **phone plan[手机合约]** is about to expire. I'm thinking of getting a new phone.

- The new IPhone is **coming out.**  Do you plan to get it?

- I've used an IPhone for the past eight years, but I'm thinking of switching to an Android phone.

- Why?

- The cost of an IPhone keeps going up. It's over $40,000 now for the latest **model**. [型号]

  If I switch to a new phone plan, the **monthly payment** would higher than my present plan, too. 

- I see. What are the most important features for you? 

- I need a phone with a good camera as I love taking photos, and a phone with a lot of memory to store photos.

  And since I like to watch videos on my phone, I want the phone to have a screen size of at least 5,5 inches.

- OK. Let's go check out some phones at the **telecom store[通讯行]** then.

- OK.



##### 【048】美国点餐

- Hi, what would you like to order? 

- I'd like the blueberry pancakes. 

- Would you like any **sides[配菜]**?

- Yes, I'd like a **side** of **sausage[香肠]**. 

- What would you like?(B)

- I'd lile a mushroom **omelette[蛋卷]** Dose it **come with** toast?

- Yes, it comes with two pieces of toast and your choice of potatoes.[您还可以在选一种马铃薯]

- Do you have whole wheat toast.

- Yes.

- I'd like whole wheat toast. What kind of potatoes do you have? 

- Hash browns[薯饼], fries and potato wedges[薯块].

- I'll have the hash browns, thanks.

- OK, so that's one order of blueberry with a side of sausage for you. 

  And one order of the mushroom omelette with whole wheat toast and hash browns. 

- That's correct, thank you.



##### 【049】年度绩效考核

- Dan, you look nervous.  

- Yes, I am. I'm going to have my **annual performance review[年度绩效考核]** with my boss in half an hour. 

  The review will determine my **bonus [ˈboʊnəs]** this year.

- You're going to do fine.

- I'm not so sure. A few of my **colleagues** came out of her office looking dejected[沮丧的] this morning.

- You hit all your KPIs(Key performance indicators.)[关键绩效指标] this year. Plus, you surpassed all your **sales targets.**[销售目标]

- Thanks for being so supportive. I appreciate your encouragment.

- No, problem. You're going to do fine. Try to ralax and think positive. 

- OK, thanks. I'll let you know how it goes. 



##### 【050】年度健康检查

- John, that are you doing after work today? 

- I'm going to go **jogging [ˈdʒɑːɡɪŋ]** by the reverside. 

- That's not like the John  I know who goes home and plays video games.

- I need to change my lifestyle. 

- How did you come to that conclusion?

- I had my **annual health checkup** three weeks ago and I got the result last week. 

  I have too much **body fat**, and have **high blood pressure** and **high cholesterol[kəˈlestərɔːl].** 

  The doctor strongly recommends that I exercise at least three times a week for 30 minutes. 

- That make sense. 

- You should get a health checkup, too.

- That's a good idea. Thanks for reminding me. Have a good evening.

- You too.



##### 【051】派对餐点

- What about the food? Should we make it a potluck [pɑːtˈlʌk]?

  - n. 家常便饭；百乐餐（每人自带一个菜的家庭聚会）

- Well, the last time we had a potluck, **two-third** of our guests brought chips and Cock. 

- True. That didn't **turn out too well**.[不太理想] 

  Should we order pizza?

- We could. But a few of our guests are **health fanatics** and don't like to eat fast food or **carbs**.

- Maybe we could do a Coastco run and buy finger food[手拿餐点]s, BBQ chicken wings, salad, and pizzas there.

- That's a good suggestion. We could buy drinks, paper plates and **napkins[餐巾纸]** while we're there too.

- OK. Let's drive there tommow morning when it opens.

- Sure thing. Wee you tomorrow. 




##### 【052】派对地点

- Where should wo hold the party?

- What about the first floor **buffet** [bəˈfeɪ; ˈbʌfɪt]\[自助的] restaurant at the Albert Hotel? 

- It's too noisy. It would be **packed[都是人]** on a Friday night. 

- What about the Chinese restaurant at the Miramar Hotel? 

- The hotel is undergoing **renovations**, and won't re-open until December.

- OK. Let me think. 

  Eric pfen talks about wanting to take another vacation to Tokyo. 

  A friend took me to a **cozy** Sushi restaurant last week, and it seats about twenty.[大概可以坐20人]

  Maybe I should check there.

- That's a great idea. Eric is a Francophile[法国迷] and loves French food.

  If we could book the whole restaurant for dinner, that would be great. 

- OK. I will call the restaurant now. 




##### 【053】派对装饰

- I talked to the coffee shop owner. He said wo could bring our own **decorations**. 

- That's great. We need to pick a party theme first. [需要先选定一个主题]

- How about a jungle theme? 

- We've already been to three parties this summer with a jungle theme. 

- Ture. What about an ocean theme? Tammy loves the ocean and takes several diving trips each year. 

- I think she would like that. Where can we get ocean decorations? 

- There is a **prop shop**[道具店] behind the train station. 

  I'll go there tomorrow and see if I can dind some ocean themed decorations there.

- OK. I‘ll order some blue and white balloons online. 

- Sara likes to collect straw hats. I'll ask her to bring eight to ten hats we can use for decoration. 

- Sounds good. And I'll ask everyone to wear beach clothing to the party. 

- Great. Maybe we could go to the beach this weekend and pick up some shells too. 

- Haa. OK.



##### 【054】骑自行车

- What do you like to do on weekends? 

- I like to go cycling with my friends. 

- Where do you guys go?

- We cycle a different **route** each weekend. 

  Sometimes we go up the mountains, other times we do a **loop** around the city. 

- That sounds fun.

- Would you like to join us this weekend? 

- Where are you guys going? 

- We're going to **bike up[骑上]** XXX Mountain then on to Osaka and back. 

- Wow, that's **hardcore**. That's way beyond my fitness level. 

- I understand. Well, you have to start somewhere. I'll invite you next time we go to the riverside. 

- Sounds good. Have a nice weekend! 

- You too.




##### 【055】企业硕士

- Hey Luke, I heard you're leaving next month. 
- It's ture. I'm going to do a MBA(Masters in Business Administration)[企业管理硕士] in the UK this fall. 
- Congrats! That will be a big change. 
- Yes, it will be. 
- Why did you choose the UK? 
- Originally, I wanted to do my MBA in the US. But most MBAs in the US take two years to finish, while you can do one in the UK in one year if you finish your **thesis['θi:sis]\[论文]** on time. 
- I see. I'm sure **the cost of living** for one year is much lower than two years.
- Yes, that's the main reason I chose to go to the UK. 
- Where in the UK will you be going? 
- Manchester. I'll be studying at the University of Manchester. 
- That's great. You love to watch soccer. I'm sure you'll be able to attend a few games while you're there. 
- Good idea. Hope I can get some cheap tickets. It's 5 o'clock. I've got to run. 
- See you.



##### 【056】请结账

- Could I have the **bill**, please?[请给我账单]
- Sure. Just a minute. Here is the bill. Would you like to pay by cash or card? 
- I'll pay by credit card. 
- Please sign the receipt. 
- Thank you.
- Have a good night. Bye.
- Bye.




##### 【057】请旅馆叫计程车

- Hi, could you call me a taxi? 
- Sure. The taxi will arrive in 5 minutes. The taxi number is 3553. 
- OK. Thanks. 
- You're welcome. 




##### 【058】在服饰店退货

- I would like to return this pair of pants. 
- **What is wrong with it?**
- It's the wrong size. 
- Can you show me the **receipt**? 
- Here you go.
- Give me a minute. How did you pay for this item?  By cash or credit card? 
- By credit card.
- OK. I'll put the amount back on your credit card. 
- OK. Thanks. 
- You're welcome. Have a nice day.




##### 【059】商店退税

- I'm a **tourist ** and would like a **tax refund.**  

- Could you show me your **passport**.  

- Sure. Here you go. 

- OK. The total comes to 4800 Yen[日币]. 

  The minimum charge to get a tax refund is 5,400 Yen.

- I'll take two more bottles of multi-vitamins. 

- OK. The total is now 6000 Yen. 

  Cash or credit card? 

- I'll pay in cash.

- Here is your tax refund of 480 Yen. 

  I have put your items in these sealed **plastic bags**. 

  Please do not open the bags until you leave Japan. 

- Thank you.

- You're welcome. Have a nice day. 




##### 【060】失物招领

- Hi, how may I help you?

- I forgot my umbrella on the subway last night. 

  I hope I can find it here.

- We have hundreds of umbrellas here. 

  Please describe what your umbrella looks like. 

- It's a black **foldable** umbrella.

- Let me take a look. 

  Can you describe your black umbrella in more detail? 

  We have three foldable black umbrellas. 

- It has the words "Made in Japan" at the bottomof the steel **shaft**. 

- OK. Is this your umbrella? 

- Yes, it is! Thanks! 



##### 【061】餐点的问题

- This steak is too **raw**. 

  Could you take it back to the kitchen and have them cook it longer?

- Oh, I'm sorry about that.

  If we re-heat the steak, it may be too dry. 

- That's ok. I prefer it dry over eating raw meat. 

- OK. I will **take care of it** right away. 

- Thank you.

- You're welcome.



##### 【062】嗜好

- Amber, it's been few months. How are you?

- I'm doing great. I've been busy with my new **hobby**. 

- First it was **painting**, then scuba **diving** , then **flower-arranging**. 

  What is your new hobby?

- Cooking. I've benn taking cooking classes at CBA Cooking Studio. 

- That sounds fun. What kind of dishes are you learning to cook? 

- Chinese, French, Spanish - all kinds of dishes. 

- That sounds fun. How often do you go? 

- Twice a week.

- How much does it cost? 

- 900 Yen a class. 

  They offer trial classes.

  Take a trail class and see if you like it.

- OK. I just might do that. See you.

- Bye.



##### 【063】暑期打工

- Do you have any plans this summer?

- I'm looking for a summer job. 

- What kind of job are you looking for? 

- I'd like to work as a **barista [bəˈriːstə,bəˈrɪstə]** at a coffee shop.

  If I can't get a barista job, I'll probably work as a **shop assistant** in my aunt's flower shop.

  what about you?

- I'm sending out **resumes** as well. 

  I'd like to work as a **cashier** at a **convenience store**. 

- I hope we both get the job we want. 

  All the best in **job hunting**.

- Thanks! All the best to you too. 



##### 【064】塑料袋

- I'm going to the supermarket to get some fruit. 

- Bring a canvas bag. 

  They no longer provide plastic bags for free. 

  Each plastic bag costs $2 Yen dollars.

- Since when have they been charging for plastic bags? [什么时候所料带也开始收费了？]

- Since last year. 

  The goverment wants everyone to cut down on using plastic bags. 

- I see. OK.  I'll make shure to bring a canvas bag when I go shopping from now on. 

- Good! It looks like it's going to rain. Make sure to bring an umbrella too!

- Will do. See you later. 



##### 【065】在服饰店退货

##### 【066】商店退税

##### 【067】失物招领

##### 【068】食物的问题

##### 【069】嗜好


##### 【070】暑期打工

##### 【071】塑料袋



##### 【072】台风来袭

- We need to **postpone** our beach party this weekend.

- Why？

- I just watched the news. A typhoon is **heading our way[朝我们逼近]** and is **gaining stenth[逐渐增强]**.

  Weather forecasters think the typhoon may rutn into a super typhoon in the next few days. 

- When will the typhoon make **landfall**[登陆]?

- Most likely Satuarday morning. 

- That's the same day as out party. 

  Let's start messaging our friends and tell them we need to postpone the party. 

- Yes! Let's get to it. 



##### 【073】台风天

- I hope we get a **typhoon day**[台风假期] this Friday. 

- Me too. It would be nice to get an extra day off.  

  When will we know if we get a day off or not?

- The goverment will make an announcement at 10 p.m. Thursday night about whether schools and offices will be closed Friday. 

  Make sure to watche the news then. 

- If we get a day off, what do you plan to do? 

- That's easy. I plan to watch Netflix all day. 

  What about you?

- I would **sleep in[睡过头]** until noon then spend hours surfing the web. 



##### 【074】谈论过敏

- Are you OK? 

  You don't look very well.

  Your eyes are watery, and your nose is red. 

- I slept badly last night. 

  I could not stop sneezing.

  My allergies are acting up.

- I understand. 

  We have a lot trees here.

  There is a lot of pollen in the air during springtime. 

- There sure is. 

- Let's go to the **pharmacy[药房]** and get you some medicene.

- That's a good idea. Let's go.



##### 【075】谈社交媒体

- Hi Kelly! I haven't seen you on Line in a long time. 

- Ha! I don't go on as often as before. 

  Now, I use Instagram a lot more. 

- Oh, I use Instgram too. 

  What's your IG handle[账号]?

- It's chengkun0804. What's yours?

- Mine is coolkathy. 

  I'll add you right away. 

- You take great selfies [ˈsɛlfɪ]! 

- Ah, thanks. I practice a lot and like to use **filters**[滤镜]. 

  I can give you a few tips. 

- That would be great. Thanks!




##### 【076】讨价还价

- How much does this pair of earrings cost? 

- $30. 

- Hmm. That's a little high. 

- They are made of sterling silver. 

  The stainless steel ones on the right side are much cheaper.

- Is there a discount if I buy two pairs?

- I can give you a $5 discount. 

  So the total price would be $55.

- How about $50 for the two pairs? 

- Youre a **hard bargainer.**[很会杀价]

  But OK, deal! 



##### 【077】替食物过敏者点餐

- Do you have any pizzas that are **gluten-free** and **lactose-free**?[无麸质无乳糖]

- No, unfortunately.

  Our pizza crusts are made from whole wheat flour, and we don't have any **non-dairy** cheeses.

- Do you have anything on the menu that is gluten and lactose-free?

- Only the salads. 

  Perhaps you can try the **vegan**[全素] bakery across the street. 

  You may find more options there. 

- OK. Thank you.



##### 【078】停车收费码表

- Hey Lisa, how do you use **parking meters** in Vancouver?

- Well, there are two ways. 

  If you have coins, you can just feed the meter next to the parking spot on the street. 

- What if I don't have any coins? 

- Dounloa the city's parking app, then you can pay by credit card.

- What's the app called? 

- Pay by Phone. 

- Is there anything else I should know? 

- You can park at one spot for up to two hours.[一个地点最多两小时]

  After two hours, you will need to move your car. 

- OK.

- And one more thing, make sure to leave before the meter **runs out**.[时间走完]

  **Parking fines** start at 42 dollars![42美元起跳]

- OK. I will remember that.



##### 【079】通过安检

- Do you have a **laptop** or **tablet** in your backpack?[手提电脑或者平板]

- Yes, I do.

- Please take them out and put them in the **bin[篮子]**.

  Please remove your jacket and put it in the bin as well. 

- Do I need to take my belt off?  

- Yes. Please do. 

  You can walk throught the metal detector now.

  Do you have any coins in your pocket?

- Oh, yes, I do. 

- Please walk throught the metal detector again. 



##### 【080】机场过海关

- Hello, sir. 
- What is the purpose of your trip?
- I'm taking a vacation. (traveling for business/visiting friends)
- Where will you be staying? 
- At the Osaka Hotel on 535 Oka Street. 
- How many days will you be in the Japan? 
- 15days.
- Thank you sir.



##### 【081】涂鸦

- There is a lot of **graffiti[ɡrəˈfiːti]** on the buildings in this part of town. 

  I think it's an **eyesore[很那看]**.

- I think graffiti is a form of art and promotes **creativity**.

- It can be, but I think graffiti should not be painted randomly on other people's buildings.

  That is **vandalism**. [ˈvændəlɪzəm]\[蓄意破坏]

  Plus, the city spends a lot of money to remove it.

- That is a good point. 

- I think graffiti should be put on spaces set aside for it, like the **designated** graffiti walls at the riverside parks.

- Oh, I have ridden past one of those walls. 

  The graffiti there is **nicer[naɪsɚ]** than the graffiti here.

- For sure. Everything has its place. 

- Let's go for a bike ride to explore the other graffitiwalls sometime.

- OK. Sure.



##### 【082】推荐餐厅

- It's my first time in Osaka.

  Could you recommend o few of your favorite restaurants in the neighborhood?

  I'd like to go where the **locals** go.

- I'd be happy to.

  There is a nice pizza place at the end of the street, about a three-minute walk from here.

  For a **full course meal**[如果要至少三道菜的正是套餐], Del Vino loacted here, is a great choice.

  It has good pasta and vine.

  And my favorite is Dino's, which is a small **hole-in-the-wall** restaurant(here) with **home-style** cooking.[那是这里的一间小餐馆，卖的都是家常菜]

- Thanks for thr suggestions.

  I'll try one of them tonight.



##### 【083】外币兑换

- How can I help you?

- I'd like to **exchange** CNY for JPY.

  Do you have a **service charge?**[手续费]

- It depends on how much money you exchange. 

  How much would you like to exchange? 

- I'd like to exchange 1000 CNY.

- There is no service charge for **amounts** over 10000 JPY .

- OK.

- Please show me your passport. 

- Here it is.

- The total is 10000 JPY.

  Please sign on the **dotted line**.[虚线]

- OK. Could you give me 1000 JPY in **small bills**?[小额]

- Sure. Do you want 10s or 20s?

- 10s would be great. 

- Here you go. Have a nice day. 

- Thank you. Bye.



##### 【084】网飞

- What did you do during the long weekend?

- I was a total **couch potato**[我完全赖在沙发上]

  I finished five **seasons** of XXX on Netflix. 

- Ha! I spent most of my long weekend watching Netflix, too. 

- What did you watch?

- I finished all nine seasons of The YYY.

- Wow, you're hardcore. 

  YYY is a lot!

- It is.

- Do you usually watch a lot of Netflix?

- Only on weekends or holidays. 

  I don't watch much during the work week, because once I start, I can't stop.

- I hear you.[我懂]

  What do you like to watch?

- I like **dramas** and comedies. 

  What about you?

- I prefer crime series and action series. 

  Sometimes I watch documentaries.

- I like documentaries too.

  Next time you watch a good one, make sure to share the title with me. 

- OK. Vice versa. Have a nice day.

- You too.



##### 【085】网络酸民

- You look upset Ben. What's wrong? 

- I was reading a **comments** under mu YouTube, and I saw a hateful comment.

- Ben, you've been **trolled[恶搞]**!

- What do you mean?

- This comment is written by a troll.

  Internet trolls write hateful or **provocative** comments to get response from others.

- What should I do?

  Should I delete the comment?

- Just **ignore** it. 

  Don't dall into the trap of arguing with a troll.

- OK.

- Look at the 50 other positive comments you get.

  Don't let one mean[恶意的] comment ruin your day.

- You're right. Let's go.



##### 【086】问路

- Hey. Can you tell me how to get to First Bank?

- It's about four blocks from here. 

  Keep walking straight until you reach Maple Street. 

  Take a left on Maple Street.

  Keep walking until you pass a big supermarke shop at the traffic lights.

  The bank is across the street from the supermarket. 

- About how long would it take to walk there? 

- Five minutes. 

- OK, thanks. Have a nice day. 



##### 【087】闲聊(建立人脉)

- Hi, I'm Sam. 

- Hi, Sam. I'm Kokki. 

- What **industry [ˈɪndəstri]** are you in?[你在哪个业界工作]

- I work in advertising. I'm an Account Manager at ByteDance. 

  What about you?

- I work in the IT industry. I'm a engineer for IOS. 

- That's great! I have several **clients** who are **technology** companies.

  Let me know if you need advertiseing services in the future. 

- Will do. Let's get some more **appetizers**.

- Sure.



##### 【088】线上商务

- Hi Nicole, I haven't seen you in a long time. 

- I've been really busy recently. 

  I started my own online clothing **boutique [buːˈtiːk]** a few months ago.[服装精品店]

- Wow! Are you doing this full-time?

- Yes, I left my job at the fashion magazine six months ago so I could put all my time in my online shop.

- That's a big change. Doyou enjoy it?

- So far, yes.[目前为止是的]

- Where do you buy the clothes you sell?

- Mainly from China. I got there once a month to buy the latest fashions.  

- That's great. Who are your target customers? 

- Young working professional 25 to 35 years old who like XXX fashion. 

- My girlfriend fits the profile. 

  Give me your store's IG account and I'll tell her to browse your store online.

- Sounds great! I will do that.



##### 【089】协商房租

- How much is the rent?

- 1,000 dollars a month.

- Are **utilities** included?[水电燃气]

- No, utilities are not included. 

- How about a parking spot? 

- A parking spot is included. 

- Is the rent open to negotiation?[租房有议价的空间吗]

- Myabe.

- I don't have a car, so you can rent the parking spot to someone else. 

  How about 900 dollars a month with no parking spot?

- 900 dollars is too low, but I can take 950 dollars. 

- What if I **extend** the 12 month **lease[租期、租约]** to 24 months?

  900 dollars a month for 24 months. 

- OK. It's a deal.



##### 【090】询问方向

- Could you tell me where the **tax refund booth[柜台]** is? 

- It's at the far end of the **terminal**. 

  Go **straight** and keep walking until you reach the Star Airlines **counter**. 

  Once you see the Star Airlines counter take a right, and you will see a big blue sign. 

- What time is tax refund booth open **till**? 

- Until 9 pm. I suggest you go there right away as the lines are long.

- OK. Thank you for your help.

- You're welcome.



##### 【091】询问无线网络

- Do you have Wi-Fi in the hotel?

- Yes. We have Wi-Fi in both the **lobby [ˈlɑːbi]** and the rooms.

  Here is the lobby's Wi-Fi **account** and **password**. 

- Will this work in my room?

- No. There is another Wi-Fi account for the rooms.

  Here is the Wi-Fi account and password for your room.

- OK. Thank you.

- You're welcome. 



##### 【092】要求额外的客房用品

- How can I help you?

- It's quite **chilly** in my room.

  Could I have an **extra blanket**?

- I will have **Housekeeping** send it up to your room in a few minutes.

- Oh, ok thank you.

- Hello sir. Here is an extra blanket. 

- Great Thank you. 

- You're welcome. Have a good night.



##### 【093】药局

- Hi! How can I help you? 
- I have a bad headache. 
- Do you have any pills for headaches? 
- Yes. I have a few choices. 
- What do you recommend? 
- I recommend Tyco. It has few **side effects** adn you won't feel **drowsy **after taking it. 
- OK. How much does it cost?
- A pack of 20 is 5 U.S. dollars.
- I'll take it. Thank you.



##### 【094】银行开户

- I'd like to open a bank account. 

- I need a piece of **goverment-issued ID.**

  Can you show me your passport or driver's license?

- Sure, here it is. 

- Do you have a **social insurance card?** 

- Yes, here you go.

- Would you like to open **checking account** or **savings** account?[支票账户还是储蓄账户]

- I'd like a checking account so I can use a **debit card**.[金融签账卡]

- There is a minimum **deposit** of 25 dollars.

- Here you go.

- Just fill in the form and I'll give you a temporary card.

  New bank card will come in the mail within 2 weeks.

- OK. Thank you.



##### 【095】用英文办理入住登记

- Good afernoon, Sir.

- I would like to check-in.

- What is your family name?[姓]

- Cheng.

- I found your **reservation**. Could you give me your passport, please? 

- Sure, here it is.

- Could you give me your credit card for the **deposit**?[麻烦给我您付定金的信用卡]

- Here you go.

- Please sign on the dotted [dɑːt] line.

- What is the Wi-Fi password for the rooms?

- Here is the Wi-Fi password.

- Great! 

- All set. Here are your keys. Your room is Room 201.

  Please take the elevator on the right.

- Thank you.



##### 【096】用英文办理退房

- Good morning, Ma'am. I would like to check out.
- What is your room number? 
- Room 201.
- Did you take any **snacks** or **drinks** from the **minibar[冰箱]**? 
- No, I didn't.
- Would you like to pay by cash or credit card?
- Credit card.
- Here is my credit card.
- The total is 340 dollars. Please sign the **receipt**. 
- Here you go.
- Here is your copy of the receipt.
- OK. Thanks.
- Have a nice journey home. Good bye.



##### 【097】约看公寓

- Hi, I saw your **apartment listing** on the 591 website. 

  Is it still available? 

- Yes, it's still avaliable.

- I'd like to arrange an **apartment viewing**. 

- Can you come this afternoon at 5 p.m.?

- I have another **appointment**.

  How about 9 a.m. tomorrow morning? 

- 9 a.m. tomorrow is fine. But there are many **potential renters** asking about the apartment. 

  The sooner you can come, the better. 

- OK, I understand. Where should I meet you?

- Meet me on the first floor of the building. 

  What is your name?

- Kokki Ando. See you tomorrow.

- See you.



##### 【098】在博物馆买票

- Hi, I'd like to buy 3 tickets to thee Van Gogh exhibit. 
- 3 adult tickets? 
- Two adult tickets, one student ticket.
- The adult tickets are 7 dollars each. The student ticket is 5 dollars. The total is 19 dollars. 
- Here you go. What time is the exhibit open till? 
- 6 p.m.
- Is there a gift shop in the museum? 
- Yes. It is on the first floor by the **exit**.
- What time is the shop open till?
- Also 6 p.m.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.



##### 【099】在博物馆租置物柜

- Where can I **rent** a **locker**?

- Walk straight down the hall until you reach the end.

  You will see a yellow sign with "locker rental" on the right.

- OK. Thanks.

- I'd like to rent a locker.

- OK. We have lockers in 2 sizes.

  A1 is a full sized locker.

  A2 is a small locker.

  A1 is large enough to fit a small suitcase.

  A2 ti large enough to fit a backpack.

- How much does it cose for 3 hours.

- A1 costs 15 dollars. A2 costs 10 dollars.

- OK. I'd like an A1 locker for 3 hours.

- OK. Please fill out the **contact info sheet**, and sign on the dotted line.

- Here you go. And here is my bag.

- Please remember to keep your **slip**. 

  You'll need it to **cliam your luggage.**

  Have a nice day.

- You too.



##### 【100】在餐厅点餐

- Hi! My name is Chrissy.

  Can I get you anything to start?[要先喝点什么吗]

- I'd like a diet Coke.

- Sure, I'll get that for you right away.

- I'm waiting for my friend to show up. So I'll order when he arrives. 

- What would you like today? 

- What's today's **special**?

- Toady's special is a club sandwich with mushroom soup for $9.99.

- I'll order that. 

- Sure. What would you like? 

- I'd like a bacon cheeseburger combo.

- That comes with your choice of two sides.[你可以选两种配菜]

  We have French fries, potato wedges, mashed potatoes, and sweet potato fries. 

  We also have coleslaw and steamed vegetables.

- I'll have the French fries and streamed vegetables. 

- You get a free drink with the **combo[套餐]**.

  We have the Coke, Sprite, iced coffee, and iced tea. 

  What would you like to drink?

- I'll have an iced coffee. 

- OK. Let me get your order in.[下单]



##### 【101】在得来速点餐

- Hi, how can I help you? 
- I'd like a double cheeseburger with no sauce and no pickles, one extra-large fries, and a diet Coke. 
- Anything else?
- No, that's all.
- The total is $6.99.
- Here you go.



##### 【102】在健身房

- How long have you been **working out** here?[你在这里健身多久了？]

- About two years.

- Do you have a personal trainer? 

- I took a couple classes with a trainer when I first started. 

  But these days, I usually join the classes they offer like yoga and spin classes.

  What about you?

- I prefer working out by myself.

  I usually run on the **treadmill** for half an hour then use a few **weight machines**. 

- That's great. I'm going to head to spin class now. 

- OK. Enjoy your class. 



##### 【103】在免税店购物

- **I'm looking fo**r Chanel #5 perfume. 

- Would you like a 30 ml bottle or 100 ml bottle?

- 30 ml.

- Wait a moment. I'll be right back.

  Would you like anything else?

- No. That's all.

- Please come with me to the **cashier**.

  Could you show me your passport?

- Sure. Here it it.

- How would you like to pay, by cash or credit card?

- Credit card.

- Please sign here. Here is your receipt. Have a nice flight. Goodbye.



##### 【104】在询问处文路线

- I'd like to go to Granville Island. Can you tell me how to get there? 

- Take the Blue Line **heading**[开往] towards Water Street, and get off on Granville Street.

  Walk out of Exit 2.

  You will see a bus stop.

  Take bus 99 heading towards Oak Street and get off at Granville Island bus stop.

- About how long is the bus ride?

- About 15 minutes. 

- OK. Thanks for your help.



##### 【105】在邮局寄包裹

- Hi, I'd like to mail this package to Japan.

  What options do I have?

- There are two options: regular mail or express mail.

  Your package weights 2 pounds.

  Regular mail costs $20 and will take two weeks.

  Express mail costs $35 and your package will arrive in five days.  

- Regular mail is fine.

- OK. Please fill out your mailing information here.

  Would you like to pay by cash or card?

- Cash. Here you go.
- Thanks. Have a nice day.
- You too.



##### 【106】账单问题

- Excuse me. Could you help me?

- Sure. How can I help you?

- There is a mistake on my bill.

  I ordered two cheeseburgers. 

  But the bill lists three cheeseburgers. 

- OK. Let me check the order.

  I'm sorry we made a mistake. 

  I'll type up a new bill.

- OK. Thanks.

- Here is the new bill.

- This is correct.




##### 【107】找寻公寓

- Hey Jack, do you know if anybody in your building wants to rent out their apartment?
- My current lease is up in two months, and I'm looking for a new place.
- I'll ask around. What kind of apartment do you have in mind?
- I'd like a one bedroom apartment or a studio.
- Do you need a furnished apartment, or will you bring your own stuff?
- I need a furnished apartment.
- OK. What is your price range? 
- 800 to 1,000 dollars a month.
- Anything else to note?
- I have a cat, so the **landlord[房东]** has to be will to rent renters with pets.
- OK. I'll keep my eyes open.[我会注意的]
- Thanks!



##### 【108】住校与不住校

- Kate, you must be excited to start university this fall.

- I am. I'm going to miss my Beijing friends as I'm moving to Osaka.

- I'll miss you too, but I'm sure you'll be back once in a while.

- For sure.

- Where you be living **on** campus or **off** campus?

- I'll be living on campus for freshman year. 

  All freshman students are required to live on campus the first year.

- I see. What are the dorms like? 

- They're decent.

- The building is quite new and it's just 10-minute walk to classes.

- How are the rooms? 

  Do you have your own room or a shared room? 

- I'll be sharing a room with one roommate.

  The room isn't big, but it's clean and hac AC(冷气).

- I hope you and your roommate get along.[合得来]

- I hope so too. I hope she's a **night owl** like me.

- Keep your fingers crossed.

- I will.



##### 【109】租车行取车

- I'd like to pick up my rental car.

- What is your last name?[姓]

- Kokki.

- Did you **book** a Toyota Camry for 3 days?

- Yes.

- Do you need to rent a GPS?

- Yes, I do.

- The cost for renting the car is 60 dollars a day.

  The GPS system is 7 dollars a day.

  So the total for 3 days including tax is 231 dollars.

  Please look over the **contract**, then sign it.

- Here you go.

- Here are the keys. Please follow me to the parking lot in the back.

  We need to check the car.

- The car looks fine. 

- Please return the car by noon on June 7. Have a nice day.

- Thanks.



##### 【110】租车抛锚

- Hi, Joy Ride Car Rental. How can I help you?

- I rented a car from your company two days ago.

  The car has broken down, and I can no longer drive it.

- Can you give me your full name and **rental agreement number[租约号码]**?

- Yes. My name is chengkun. 

  I can't find the number.

- It is at the top left corner. It is a ten-digit number

- Oh, I see it now. The number is xxx-xxx-xxxx.

- OK. I found your file in our system.

  Where are you now.

- I'm near the corner of Oak Street and 42nd Avenue.

- I will call a **tow truck** for you, and will call you back in a few minutes.

- Thank you.















